# Password_Bot_Project

Introduction: Our project was written in python 3. This program will generate passwords that do not repeat. The passwords will also follow all the users guidelines such as the necessary length or character requirements. Essentially our password bot will generate unique passwords that satisfy the users needs.In our program, a user is able to choose the minimum and maximum length of the password they would like our program to generate. They are also able to choose the minimum and maximum amount for the character as well. Our codes include basic coding skills that we have learned in class. For our project, we have also used API's to help us get started on our project, and to call functions. Our project also focuses on creating temporary passwords for a user. After a temporary password has been created, the user is able to create a username, and then create a new password. While creating a new password, we require the password to at least be 6 characters long, one uppercase letter, and one digital number.

During this project, we faced several challenges and had to explore new approaches to programming. The first big challenge our team faced was not being able to carry out our first idea of creating a purchasing bot. It was difficult to carry out that plan as it was heavily based on things that we did not learn. Another challenge was working through errors and making sure that the passwords that were generated by the bot were not repeated. To complete the project, we had to learn and relearn different parts of code. A new approach to programming that we implemented was the usage of an API. So that included having to research and find the right API that would work for our needs. We found and implemented a password generator API that would aid us in generating passwords that matched our required requirements. Citaion: https://pypi.org/project/random-password-generator/
